when we're grilling this summer what's
better than a really great burger well
let me tell you this burger takes it up
a notch we've got a bacon and cheddar
stuffed Certified Angus beef burger it
is out of this world we're going to
season the beef with a little bit of
onion garlic and some hot sauce and here
we go minced onion minced garlic touch
of salt and your favorite hot sauce add
to taste like it a little spicy from
here we'll work the patties and then
make a small indentation in the center
where we'll go ahead we'll take some of
our cheese
a little bit of bacon and you can be as
creative as you'd like with these
ingredients that are going to stuff the
burger with blue cheese is fantastic if
you wanted to do a surf and turf why
couldn't you put spinach in some pro
shoot in there that would be fantastic
this burger really screams summer time
to me cheddar and bacon so you top them
pinch those sides down trapping the
cheddar and the bacon in the center like
to go around just a couple times make
sure you have a good pliable burger this
is about 8 ounces it's a half a pound
half pound burger you can go a little
bigger you can go a little smaller if
you'd like I find that this is a perfect
size you need to have enough burger to
filling ratio so that the when you do
cut into the burger that you have ample
filling all right let's take them to the
grill the great thing about this saber
grill with our infrared technology even
cooking no flare-ups it kills so many
burgers no one wants to bite into that
bitter acrid burger that's been been
torched by the carbon of a flare-up
watch this you can hear that sizzle
that's a great great sound perfect cook
the burger to the doneness that you like
I prefer medium rare medium myself and
that's going to take about four to five
minutes per side for this 8-ounce burger
I'm going to close the lid and really
trap that heat in there
yes
and there it is the bacon and cheddar
stuffed burger on the Sabre grill
fantastic I really hoped you enjoyed
this recipe and you can find this and
many others at better barbecue blog com